fix(baseapp): correctly check errors before sealing in BaseApp.Init (#24027)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Bug Fixes

> * (baseapp) [#24027](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/24027) Ensure that `BaseApp.Init` firstly returns any errors from a nil commit multistore instead of panicking on nil dereferencing and before sealing the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (baseapp) [#24027](https://github.com/cosmos/cosmos-sdk/pull/24027) Ensure that `BaseApp.Init` checks that the commit multistore is set to protect against nil dereferences.
```
